packages/ove-app-whiteboard/README.md, before:

# Whiteboard App

This app creates a whiteboard that can be used within the OVE framework. The app creates a collaborative canvas that accepts handwriting and text input.

The controller UI design of the whiteboard app is based on [codoodler](https://github.com/pubnub/codoodler).

## Loading the App

A web page can be loaded using the OVE APIs:

Linux/Mac:

```sh
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data '{"app": {"url": "http://OVE_APP_WHITEBOARD_HOST:PORT"}, "space": "OVE_SPACE", "h": 500, "w": 500, "y": 0, "x": 0}' http://OVE_CORE_HOST:PORT/section
```

Windows:

```sh
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data "{\"app\": {\"url\": \"http://OVE_APP_WHITEBOARD_HOST:PORT\"}, \"space\": \"OVE_SPACE\", \"h\": 500, \"w\": 500, \"y\": 0, \"x\": 0}" http://OVE_CORE_HOST:PORT/section
```

## Controlling the App

The controller of the app can be loaded by accessing the URL `http://OVE_APP_WHITEBOARD_HOST:PORT/control.html?oveSectionId=SECTION_ID`.

Commit message:

Updating launcher UI related docs

packages/ove-app-whiteboard/README.md, after:

# Whiteboard App

This app creates a whiteboard that can be used within the OVE framework. The app creates a collaborative canvas that accepts handwriting and text input.

The controller UI design of the whiteboard app is based on [codoodler](https://github.com/pubnub/codoodler).

## Launching the App

All OVE applications can be launched using the [Launcher UI](https://ove.readthedocs.io/en/stable/ove-ui/packages/ove-ui-launcher/README.html), the [Python Client Library](https://github.com/ove/ove-sdks/tree/master/python), and the OVE APIs. The API used to launch an application is the same for all applications, but the data that is passed into it is application-specific.

To launch the whiteboard app and display it using the OVE APIs:

Linux/Mac:

```sh
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data '{"app": {"url": "http://OVE_APP_WHITEBOARD_HOST:PORT"}, "space": "OVE_SPACE", "h": 500, "w": 500, "y": 0, "x": 0}' http://OVE_CORE_HOST:PORT/section
```

Windows:

```sh
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data "{\"app\": {\"url\": \"http://OVE_APP_WHITEBOARD_HOST:PORT\"}, \"space\": \"OVE_SPACE\", \"h\": 500, \"w\": 500, \"y\": 0, \"x\": 0}" http://OVE_CORE_HOST:PORT/section
```

## Controlling the App

The controller of the app can be loaded by accessing the URL `http://OVE_APP_WHITEBOARD_HOST:PORT/control.html?oveSectionId=SECTION_ID`.
