packages/ove-app-pdf/README.md, before:

# PDF App

This app supports displaying PDF documents using the OVE framework. It is based on [PDF.js](https://github.com/mozilla/pdf.js), a Portable Document Format (PDF) viewer that is built with HTML5.

## Application State

The state of this app has a format similar to:

```json
{
    "url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mozilla/pdf.js/master/test/pdfs/TAMReview.pdf",
    "settings": {
        "scale": 2,
        "offset": {
            "x": 0,
            "y": 0
        },
        "pageGap": 50,
        "startPage": 1,
        "endPage": 10,
        "scrolling": "horizontal"
    }
}
```

The app accepts a `url` of a PDF document. All `settings` are optional. The `scale` property defines the scale at which each page is rendered. It can be used to automatically zoom contents of a PDF when it loads. Similarly, `offset` can be used to automatically pan contents of a PDF when it loads. The `pageGap` is the number of pixels between each adjacent page. The app also accepts a `startPage` and `endPage` which can be used to limit the number of pages rendered. It will automatically compute the number of pages and decide on whether it is best to scroll horizontally or vertically depending on the dimensions of the section. This behaviour can be overridden by defining the `scrolling` property to be either `vertical` or `horizontal`.

## Loading the App

A PDF document can be loaded using the OVE APIs:

```sh
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data '{"app": {"url": "http://OVE_APP_PDF_HOST:PORT","states": {"load": {"url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mozilla/pdf.js/master/test/pdfs/TAMReview.pdf"}}}, "space": "OVE_SPACE", "h": 500, "w": 500, "y": 0, "x": 0}' http://OVE_CORE_HOST:PORT/section
```

Windows:

```sh
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data "{\"app\": {\"url\": \"http://OVE_APP_PDF_HOST:PORT\", \"states\": {\"load\": {\"url\": \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mozilla/pdf.js/master/test/pdfs/TAMReview.pdf\"}}}, \"space\": \"OVE_SPACE\", \"h\": 500, \"w\": 500, \"y\": 0, \"x\": 0}" http://OVE_CORE_HOST:PORT/section
```

If the PDF app is used to display static PDF documents no further controlling would be required after the PDF has been loaded. The app provides a controller that can used to pan and zoom PDF documents.

## Controlling the App

The controller of the app can be loaded by accessing the URL `http://OVE_APP_PDF_HOST:PORT/control.html?oveSectionId=SECTION_ID`.

Commit message:

Updating launcher UI related docs

packages/ove-app-pdf/README.md, after:

# PDF App

This app supports displaying PDF documents using the OVE framework. It is based on [PDF.js](https://github.com/mozilla/pdf.js), a Portable Document Format (PDF) viewer that is built with HTML5.

## Application State

The state of this app has a format similar to:

```json
{
    "url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mozilla/pdf.js/master/test/pdfs/TAMReview.pdf",
    "settings": {
        "scale": 2,
        "offset": {
            "x": 0,
            "y": 0
        },
        "pageGap": 50,
        "startPage": 1,
        "endPage": 10,
        "scrolling": "horizontal"
    }
}
```

The app accepts a `url` of a PDF document. All `settings` are optional. The `scale` property defines the scale at which each page is rendered. It can be used to automatically zoom contents of a PDF when it loads. Similarly, `offset` can be used to automatically pan contents of a PDF when it loads. The `pageGap` is the number of pixels between each adjacent page. The app also accepts a `startPage` and `endPage` which can be used to limit the number of pages rendered. It will automatically compute the number of pages and decide on whether it is best to scroll horizontally or vertically depending on the dimensions of the section. This behaviour can be overridden by defining the `scrolling` property to be either `vertical` or `horizontal`.

## Launching the App

All OVE applications can be launched using the [Launcher UI](https://ove.readthedocs.io/en/stable/ove-ui/packages/ove-ui-launcher/README.html), the [Python Client Library](https://github.com/ove/ove-sdks/tree/master/python), and the OVE APIs. The API used to launch an application is the same for all applications, but the data that is passed into it is application-specific.

To launch the PDF app and display a PDF document using the OVE APIs:

```sh
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data '{"app": {"url": "http://OVE_APP_PDF_HOST:PORT","states": {"load": {"url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mozilla/pdf.js/master/test/pdfs/TAMReview.pdf"}}}, "space": "OVE_SPACE", "h": 500, "w": 500, "y": 0, "x": 0}' http://OVE_CORE_HOST:PORT/section
```

Windows:

```sh
curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" --request POST --data "{\"app\": {\"url\": \"http://OVE_APP_PDF_HOST:PORT\", \"states\": {\"load\": {\"url\": \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mozilla/pdf.js/master/test/pdfs/TAMReview.pdf\"}}}, \"space\": \"OVE_SPACE\", \"h\": 500, \"w\": 500, \"y\": 0, \"x\": 0}" http://OVE_CORE_HOST:PORT/section
```

If the PDF app is used to display static PDF documents no further controlling would be required after the PDF has been loaded. The app provides a controller that can used to pan and zoom PDF documents.

## Controlling the App

The controller of the app can be loaded by accessing the URL `http://OVE_APP_PDF_HOST:PORT/control.html?oveSectionId=SECTION_ID`.
